Update the spread-minimizing token migration documentation (#8411)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/configure-spread-minimizing-tokens/index.md

The ingester time series replication should be [configured with enabled zone-awareness](https://grafana.com/docs/mimir/latest/configure/configure-zone-aware-replication/#configuring-ingester-time-series-replication).

> {{% admonition type="note" %}}Spread-mimizing tokens are recommended if [shuffle-sharding](https://grafana.com/docs/mimir/latest/configure/configure-shuffle-sharding/#ingesters-shuffle-sharding) is disabled on the [write path](https://grafana.com/docs/mimir/latest/configure/configure-shuffle-sharding/#ingesters-write-path) of your ingesters, or, if it is enabled, but most of the tenants of your system use all available ingesters.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what the phrase "all available ingesters" refers to. This sounds vague to me- can we just remove the word "all" here?

Reviewer 2: Shuffle-sharding is a feature where you reduce the ingester count handling a specific tenant's series to a subset of ingesters - but you may not use it for all tenants, only some. So the phrasing "most tenants of your systems using all available ingesters" does make sense in that context since there is a possibility for most tenants of your system to /not/ use all available ingesters.

Reviewer: Thanks for clarifying! This makes sense to me now :)

{{% /admonition %}}

> {{% admonition type="note" %}}In order to prevent incorrect query results, [shuffle-sharding](https://grafana.com/docs/mimir/latest/configure/configure-shuffle-sharding/#ingesters-shuffle-sharding) on the [read path](https://grafana.com/docs/mimir/latest/configure/configure-shuffle-sharding/#ingesters-read-path) of your ingesters **must** be disabled before migrating ingesters to the spread-minimizing tokens. Shuffle-sharding on ingester's read path can be re-enabled at least `-querier.query-store-after` time after the last ingester zone was migrated to the spread-minimizing tokens.

Reviewer: Unbold "must". We use bold text only for UI elements, not for emphasis.

{{% /admonition %}}

> If ingesters are configured with a non-empty value of `-ingester.ring.tokens-file-path`, the latter represents the file where ingesters store the tokens at shutdown and restore them at startup. Keep track of this value, because it will be needed in the last step.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If ingesters are configured with a non-empty value of `-ingester.ring.tokens-file-path`, this is the file where ingesters store the tokens at shutdown and restore them at startup. Keep track of this value, because it will be needed in the last step.
```

> If ingesters are configured with a non-empty value of `-ingester.ring.tokens-file-path`, the latter represents the file where ingesters store the tokens at shutdown and restore them at startup. Keep track of this value, because it will be needed in the last step.

Reviewer: Change to "Keep track of this value, because you need it in the last step". This change avoids using "will" and also moves away from passive voice.

Author: Thank you. I've applied your changes.

Repeat steps 1 to 4, replacing all the occurrences of `zone-a` with `zone-b`.

## Step 6: Migrate ingesters from `zone-c`

Repeat steps 1 to 4, replacing all the occurrences of `zone-a` with `zone-c`.

## Step 7: Delete the old token files

If before the migration ingesters were configured to store their tokens under `-ingester.ring.tokens-file-path`, these files must be deleted once all ingester zones are migrated to the spread-minimizing tokens.

For example, assuming that an ingester pod `ingester-zone-a` from a namespace `mimir-prod` used to store its tokens in a file `/data/tokens`, the latter can be deleted by executing:

> 

Reviewer: We might want to rephrase this step to avoid passive tense. For example:

If, before the migration, you configured ingesters to store their tokens under `-ingester.ring.tokens-file-path`, you must delete these files after migrating all ingester zones to spread-minimizing tokens.

For example, if an ingester pod called `ingester-zone-a` from a namespace called `mimir-prod` used to store its tokens in a file called `/data/tokens`, you can run the following command to delete the `/data/tokens` file:

Author: Thank you
